Engine X does not process engine exposes the speed to what is called an application server, in our
case, the application server is FPM.
FPM will receive the request from Engine X.
It will then process the request and then pass the HTP response back to Engine X.
Engine X will then send the response back to the browser, will start its own built in fast CGI server
and will listen for requests through the fast CGI protocol.
CGI is the protocol for interfacing external applications to Web servers.
FPM is an implementation of the fast CGI protocol because Engine X is using fast CGI.
We need to optimize those settings.
Firstly, the fast CGI by size.
The directive sets the size of the buffer used for reading the first part of a response received from
the fast CGI server.
This part usually contains a small response header the fast CGI buffers.
This directive sets the number and size of the buffers used for reading a response from the fast CGI
server for a single connection.
The Fast CGI busy Buffer's signs when buffering of responses from the fast CGI server is enabled.
This directive limits the total size of the buffers that can be busy sending a response to the client.
While the response is not yet fully read, the fast CGI temp file rightsized directive limits the size
of darter written to a temporary file at a time when buffering of responses from the first CGI server
to temporary files is enabled.
You can change to the ITC Engine X sites available directory.
We need to open our sites virtual host file at the location context where you have the line file CGI
Pass underneath false CGI pos.
We are going to use the include directive include Global Slash and we can call the include file for
CGI.
Optimize Dot Seo in F semicolon.
We haven't created the include file.
We can do that before or after adding the directive to your site's file.
You can close.
No, no saving your changes CD.
You want to change directories, you want to go back one level to the global directory sudo.
No, no.
We want to create a file for CGI optimize.
At the top of my include file, I have a comment, while CGI optimize included Insight's server context.
Thereafter, I have my full force CGI directors with the values you can exit NENO saving the changes.
We now want to test the configuration Sudo Ingenix IV and T.
We could also have typed in G.T. to enable the changes.
All we need type is in G to reload Ingenix and enable the changes.
Now we can start securing WordPress using Ingenix directive's.
Firstly, we are going to use Ingenix directive's to protect important WordPress files.
For example, if somebody tries to access XML or P.c, we will deny that it's most important to disable
IP in certain directories.
You'll theme's directories, your plugin directories, your uploads directories.
We do not want any FB scripts are running in those directories.
We are also going to filter certain request methods.
We are only going to allow the post method.
We are also going to filter suspicious and strange requests for certain.
You are URLs in the browser.
Those are the different types of query strings.
And then we are going to set up our nonsecure HTP response headers, HTP response headers on name value,
pairs of strings sent back from the server with a content requested by sending security policies back
to the client.
It results in a much safer browsing experience for visitors to your site.
These four directives are the initial response headers.
We are going to be adding there will be more once we configure SSL.
The X Frame Directive protects visitors against click checking attacks.
The X content type directive reduces the risks of drive by downloads.
The X x axis protection directive configures the X is protection found in all modern day browsers.
And finally, the Content Security Policy Directive allows you to define a wide list of approved sources
for your site's content.